Goro guys welcome to the first ever like
a boss MK x tournament we got Kevin ACDC
he rocking with girl against legends of
Skyrim he rocking was one of my favorite
is you know Liu Kang listen loneliness
this is the first round it is single
elimination best best out of five first
two three win-or-go-home des it may be
win or go home that was not safe full
combo when my favorite combos oh why did
he throw him out of the corner those
people you want to keep him in the
corner when you do that he he gets
around in the way man that's what Lou
Cain does but he should have kept them
in the corner especially guru you can't
play around with Liu Kang like that you
can't quit you can't play around with a
full cover though he didn't get it see
you need it he got to do that after all
after a hard night now after a hard nut
down you can do that if they don't wake
up see they wake up they can got they
can get out of it but if you do it after
a hard knock down then he can do that
little stumped let's see if one of these
guys gonna go for the food Travis you
know I would love to see it so you can't
do it it's unsafe and especially against
something he can get you real fast
that's over here that is an overhead
looks like Game one is going to all of
hold up hold up hold up nevermind
nevermind game one goes to addiction
game one goes to legend he's looking
mighty strong legend is looking pretty
strong in his first match man let's see
will Kevin walkie switch will Kevin
switch or will he keep the same
character he has those Johnny Cage uh
hello Johnny Cage eyes for glasses in
his his comeback are but it looks like
no nitrating scorpion with fairies and
EVP oh he's going to hell fire an easy
some classic against the revenant Luke
ain't going to the gym st. chamber
there's no holdup is there a secret
brutality here who knows there might be
we got scorpion vs Liu Kang two of the
original characters and he's using
inferno you can't do anything unsafe
again liu kang when he's in your place
you will get full combo and you will get
put in the corner even though it's
harder even though you can't keep
ducking low guys over here is hard to
keep scorpion in the corner but if he
does that unsafe teleport he'll still
get full combo Liu Kang was looking
pretty strong nation is looking pretty
strong pretty pretty strong oh he tried
to bleep bull come oh he cancelled out
of it too early he cancelled out of her
to Ernie wouldn't got more on that's
unsafe you can't do that night when he's
in your face you gotta come over and to
that up into the other diamond grill he
keeps throwing him out of the corner you
hope you want to keep them in the corner
when you do that and that is 220 220
legend is looking pretty good man who
should i say legends it is legends of
Skyrim he is looking pretty good too low
it is game point for him two more rounds
and he will move on to the with 20
rounds and he'll move on to the second
round of the tournament
he's gone back to guru I think Laura was
just too slow for leukemia I think luque
I think this is a bad message for more
rope I think this is a very bad Mitchell
floral I don't like it at all jumped
like his chances against the game when
I'm playing with luke hang on land and I
see my opponent Pete go bro my eyes can
beat me my eyes get big okay let's see
how it goes okay he's not attacking you
don't want to be on the defensive
playing against leukemia you want an
attack attack and put luke put luke hang
in the corner even though the hands get
wake up split you can't play defensive
and keep going no go at him okay des is
what you do it if they don't wake up
immediately do it is hard to I think
he's missing it up I think he's giving
on but input is wrong when he's trying
to do that he's buffering it he's not
tea bag and he's buffering it that's an
overhead he keeps give me with that
overhand a full combo into the crib oh
that's around that is around I believe
that is the first round did I came in
his boy changeup changeup especially not
i'm just a neutral jump like that not
when you far away see that should use a
i believe you doing the same thing I'm
doing sometimes you'll use a bar or even
when you didn't try to after the
flightkey guess over here he keeps
getting equal day over here man
and that's indeed around hold up hold up
there it is you gotta attack attack
attack attack he has the over here I
should have been a full punish that
should have been a full punish Kevin
ACDC has to win this round if you want
you can't allowed it happen you can't
allow them to rent at you like that we
have a fireball shoot it at him while
he's running at you or something you got
a slope and hang down when you Kenny has
that my little man is very very hard is
there very hard to get it back full come
of all he dropped it he dropped it and
you're giving Lou KO full combo and he
sent him into the corner I should have
been a fault well you can't afford place
because Goro's to tahoe and that will do
it ladies and gentleman and he's
finishing this he's finishing dispatch
off with the defense hella to which I
like Derek the game to the both of these
guys legends of Skyrim is moving on he's
moving on when I guess I go by octavia